Being overweight or obese are both terms for
having more body fat than what is considered
healthy.
To avoid it, people find ways to lose weight
safely including eating a healthy, low-calorie
diet and exercising.
However, in the following movie called: Thinner;
there is a man trying to lose weight in the
exact opposite way: He eats more.
Let’s find out how he does it.
Be aware: there are spoilers!
Billy Halleck is an obese upper-class attorney
living in the suburb of Maine in Fairview
with his wife Heidi and a daughter Linda.
Every morning, Billy weighs himself and lets
Heidi keep track, as part of a losing weight
program for Billy.
Heidi controls her husband’s diet strictly,
which makes him uncomfortable and unwilling
to take her food.
At court, by having a loophole, Billy frees
an Italian underground mafia named Richie
from homicide.
He is then well treated in a fancy yacht,
and Richie says he owes Billy this time.
After work, Billy joins his close friends:
Judge Cary and Police Chief Duncan for a talk
while all share a look of disdain to the Gypsies,
who currently run a carnival in the town.
That night, the couple is invited to a fancy
party held by his company for the winning.
Heidi has to stop Billy from having too much
food and sweets.
The two leave the party earlier than expected.
While driving, Heidi reminds Billy that his
life is not only about food.
She then helps Billy to have some fun in the
car.
Distracted by that, Billy runs over a Gypsy
woman, making her die right away.
Several days later, Linda questions Billy
why he can get home so quickly after the trial.
Billy and Heidi both explain to her that he
had to join a car accident investigation,
not a trial.
Heidi tells her that Billy did nothing wrong
here, which confuses Linda.
At the court hearing, Judge Cary calls all
the witnesses to relate the night of the accident.
One man says the woman ran away from the store
after she was caught stealing.
Chief Duncan tells the court that Billy was
driving at normal speed at that time.
He also gave Billy a breathalyzer, which in
fact he didn't.
Cary eventually clears Billy from any charges.
Heidi and Billy step out of the court feeling
relieved.
As the two get in the car, an older gypsy
man named Lempke, who reveals to be the victim’s
father, appears and greets Billy.
He then brushes Billy’s cheek and says “thinner”.
The man leaves with an indignant face, confusing
Billy about what happened.
The following week, Billy is surprised when
standing on the scale as he has lost 14 pounds.
The last record was 300 pounds, which amazed
Heidi too because he has never stopped eating.
Billy smears at Heidi’s tough diet and thinks
he has his own way to lose weight.
Later that day, Billy joins Dr Mike and Judge
Cary for a round of golf.
In the changing room, Cary asks Mike if there
is something wrong with his chest.
Mike says his Psoriasis has come back due
to stress and it’ll be alright with some
ointment.
Billy weighs himself again and realizes he’s
lost two more pounds within a morning.
While showering, Billy thanks Cary for helping
him last time with the accident.
The Judge reveals that he and his wife went
for lunch after the hearing.
They bumped into an old man and he touched
Cary in the chest.
Cary worries that he might get an infection
from that man.
Billy starts to realize something and asks
Cary if the man told him anything.
The Judge says he didn’t listen at the time.
He then gets angry and states that he will
kick all of the Gypsies out of town as soon
as possible.
One morning, Heidi realizes Billy has 25 pounds
lost, making it total 40 in only two weeks.
She tells him to stop what he is trying to
lose weight because it is way too fast.
She thinks the sudden weight loss is a warning
sign of cancer.
Billy gets pissed as Heidi seems to care too
much.
Either he loses or gains weight, she’s never
satisfied.
Later, Billy meets with Dr Mike again and
is informed that all the tests are negative,
which means he is in normal state.
Feeling relief, Billy heads to a tailor and
buys himself new suits.
The tailor, who is seen obese too, is astonished
at Billy’s appearance.
While measuring the sizes, the tailor shows
Billy his waist size, which decreases incredibly.
He asks to use the scale at the shop and is
amazed at the number.
However, Billy continues to remain in denial
about what is happening.
He eats more, scaring Linda at home.
The girl asks if Billy is in something called
man’s menoposis.
Billy says this is the best method to his
weight, the more he consumes, the lighter
he becomes.
He keeps chewing and laughing at Linda, which
upsets the girl, so she runs to her room after
that.
Heidi cleans up the empty dishes on the table
and complains about Billy’s changes recently.
Billy tells her he has desperately attempted
to eat as much as possible to see if he can
gain any weight.
All has failed, and he thinks only by eating
he would balance this whole madness.
At night, Mike informs Billy about his further
examinations, apparently the tests again show
normal.
Mike introduces Billy to another clinic and
sees if he is under other issues.
Billy notices Cary’s wife has dinner alone,
but Mike says Cary has left the town for his
sister.
However, Billy knows Cary has no siblings.
Later, Billy decides to see Cary at his house.
The wife refuses to let him in, but Billy
manages to ask if Cary has lost weight recently.
Cary’s wife becomes terrified and confronts
if Billy has met the older Gypsy man.
She reveals that Lempke also touched the judge,
and whispered "lizard".
Cary has to hide from others because he has
transformed into a half human half lizard
creature, according to the wife.
She then throws the tantrum at Billy, accusing
him for killing that woman and bringing Cary
a deadly curse.
Billy does not believe in a gypsy curse and
leaves, while the hysterical woman screams
that it was all Billy's fault.
After that, Billy calls Richie to have more
information about the Gypsy curse.
Richie's mother claims that only the one who
created the curse can remove it.
While driving home, Heidi denies the idea
about cursing, and tells Billy that he should
check him into the clinic.
Linda is confused about what is going on,
and Billy leaves angrily to visit Chief Duncan.
It is true that Duncan also experience an
extremely horrendous case of facial acne.
He tells Billy to take one of his guns and
kill Lempke, because he believes that Lempke
will never take the curse off.
Billy refuses, and as he leaves, there is
a gunshot heard, Hopley commits suicide with
the weapon.
When Billy returns home, he sees Mike is leaving.
Knowing that it is very late, Billy begins
to suspect that Heidi is having an affair.
He talks about Duncan and the curses with
Heidi, only to hear her denial again.
This time, Billy throws his food away and
gets angry with Heidi, saying he’ll find
Lempke and solve the curve by himself.
Billy leaves town and tracks down the gypsies,
furiously demanding for Lempke to take off
the curse, but he tells him that he will die
before he will take off the curse.
Gina, Lempke's granddaughter, even throws
a puppet, which represents him, at Billy and
scares him away with a sling.
Billy quickly flees away in Cary's car, who
now mutates to a lizardized human.
They then drive straight into a truck which
is seemingly driven by Lempke.
The experience turns out to be a nightmare.
He calls Cary, hoping to recruit him on the
way to finding the Gypsies.
Billy discovers that Judge Cary has died in
a car accident yesterday.
Finally, Billy can reach the camp where the
Gypsie base is.
He begs Lempke to help him by showing his
skinny belly to the group.
However, Gina shouts at him for killing her
mother, and injures his hand by a slingshot.
Billy gets back to the hotel while his hand
is badly bleeding.
He contacts Richie for help.
A doctor is sent to take care of Billy.
His hand has a clear hole in the middle due
to the slingshot.
After that, Billy tells everything about the
curse and his dying body to Richie.
The man reveals to Billy that Heidi and Mike
submitted a request for Billy's deteriorating
mental condition back home.
Billy, who appears very sick up to now, becomes
more depressed.
Richie decides to send a man spying on the
Gypsies the next day.
However, Billy and Richie receive his corpse
as the answer from the Gypsy group soon after
that.
Now having had enough, Richie would destroy
the group at all cost.
He comes to the carnival and opens fire at
the group, eventually killing one Gypsy, who
is Gina’s husband.
The following day, Richie disguises as an
FBI agent and lures Gina to follow him to
an abandoned barn.
Richie assaults Gina with a jar of acid, and
is about to shoot her, but Billy arrives and
tells Richie to stop as all he wants now is
to lift the curse, not kill people.
Richie agrees, and tells her to tell Lempke
to meet Billy at the nearby lighthouse.
As appointed, Lempke meets with Billy, who
is dying from weight loss.
Lempke gives Billy a pie and cuts his hand,
dripping lots of blood with the "curse inside"
into the pie.
Lempke tells him that the curse can only be
removed by feeding some of the pie to an unsuspecting
person.
Before returning home with the “cursed”
pie, Billy first calls Linda to send her away
tonight at a relative's house, lying he needs
to talk with Heidi in private.
That night, Billy goes home and feeds the
pie to his wife, as punishment for her affair.
The next morning, Billy wakes up and seems
to gain weight again.
He finds Heidi is already dead with a rotten
body.
As he goes downstairs, he realizes Linda has
returned home early and had some of the pie.
Billy is stricken with grief and begins to
commit suicide with the pie, only when he
hears the doorbell.
It is Mike at the front door.
Billy invites him in for the pie, slowly closing
the door with a mysterious smile.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!